README.md, before:

# SidekiqBulkJob

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/sidekiq_bulk_job`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq_bulk_job'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sidekiq_bulk_job

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sidekiq_bulk_job. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sidekiq_bulk_job/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the SidekiqBulkJob project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sidekiq_bulk_job/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


###
```ruby
  process_fail = lambda do |job_class_name, args, exception|
    # do somethine
    # send email
  end
  client = Redis.new
  SidekiqBulkJob.config redis: client, logger: Rails.logger, process_fail: process_fail, queue: :default, batch_size: 3000, prefix: "SidekiqBulkJob"
```

Commit message:

push job to dead queue when raise error

README.md, after:

# SidekiqBulkJob

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/sidekiq_bulk_job`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq_bulk_job'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sidekiq_bulk_job

## Usage

###
```ruby
  process_fail = lambda do |job_class_name, args, exception|
    # do somethine
    # send email
  end
  client = Redis.new
  logger = Logger.new(STDOUT)
  logger.level = Logger::WARN
  SidekiqBulkJob.config redis: client, logger: logger, process_fail: process_fail, queue: :default, batch_size: 3000, prefix: "SidekiqBulkJob"

  // push a job
  SidekiqBulkJob.perform_async(TestJob, 10)
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/scalaview/sidekiq_bulk_job. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/scalaview/sidekiq_bulk_job/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the SidekiqBulkJob project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/scalaview/sidekiq_bulk_job/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
